Add StepLR scheduler (#109)
talmolab/sleap-nn: docs/config.md

        - `lr`: (float) Learning rate of type float. *Default*: 1e-3
        - `amsgrad`: (bool) Enable AMSGrad with the optimizer. *Default*: False
    - `lr_scheduler`

>         - `use_step_lr`: (bool) True if `torch.optim.lr_scheduler.StepLR` should be used, else `torch.optim.lr_scheduler.ReduceLROnPlateau` will be used.

Reviewer: We should probably make this more general so we can support different learning rate schedulers.

How about:

```suggestion
        - `lr_scheduler`: (str) Name of the scheduler to use. Valid schedulers: `"StepLR"`, `"ReduceLROnPlateau"`
```
